src/content/articles/using-mdx.mdx, before:

---
title: 'Using MDX'
description: 'Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet'
publishDate: 'Jul 02 2022'
featuredImage: ''
slug: 'using-mdx'
---

This theme comes with the [@astrojs/mdx](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/mdx/) integration
installed and configured in your `astro.config.mjs` config file. If you prefer not to use MDX, you can disable support
by removing the integration from your config file.

## Why MDX?

MDX is a special flavor of Markdown that supports embedded JavaScript & JSX syntax. This unlocks the ability to
[mix JavaScript and UI Components into your Markdown content](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/markdown-content/#mdx-features)
for things like interactive charts or alerts.

If you have existing content authored in MDX, this integration will hopefully make migrating to Astro a breeze.

## Example

Here is how you import and use a UI component inside of MDX.  
When you open this page in the browser, you should see the clickable button below.

import HeaderLink from '../../ui/components/atoms/headerLink/HeaderLink.astro';

<HeaderLink href="#" onclick="alert('clicked!')">
    Embedded component in MDX
</HeaderLink>

## More Links

-   [MDX Syntax Documentation](https://mdxjs.com/docs/what-is-mdx)
-   [Astro Usage Documentation](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/markdown-content/#markdown-and-mdx-pages)
-   **Note:** [Client Directives](https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/directives-reference/#client-directives) are
    still required to create interactive components. Otherwise, all components in your MDX will render as static HTML
    (no JavaScript) by default.

Commit message:

feat: add author and tags entities

src/content/articles/using-mdx.mdx, after:

---
title: 'Using MDX'
description: 'Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet'
publishDate: 'Jul 02 2022'
featuredImage: ''
tags: ['first', 'post']
author: 'Bianca Fiore'
slug: 'using-mdx'
---

This theme comes with the [@astrojs/mdx](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/mdx/) integration
installed and configured in your `astro.config.mjs` config file. If you prefer not to use MDX, you can disable support
by removing the integration from your config file.

## Why MDX?

MDX is a special flavor of Markdown that supports embedded JavaScript & JSX syntax. This unlocks the ability to
[mix JavaScript and UI Components into your Markdown content](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/markdown-content/#mdx-features)
for things like interactive charts or alerts.

If you have existing content authored in MDX, this integration will hopefully make migrating to Astro a breeze.

## Example

Here is how you import and use a UI component inside of MDX.  
When you open this page in the browser, you should see the clickable button below.



import HeaderLink from '../../ui/components/atoms/headerLink/HeaderLink.astro';

<HeaderLink href="#" onclick="alert('clicked!')">
    Embedded component in MDX
</HeaderLink>

## More Links

-   [MDX Syntax Documentation](https://mdxjs.com/docs/what-is-mdx)
-   [Astro Usage Documentation](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/markdown-content/#markdown-and-mdx-pages)
-   **Note:** [Client Directives](https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/directives-reference/#client-directives) are
still required to create interactive components. Otherwise, all components in your MDX will render as static HTML
(no JavaScript) by default.
