content/pages/contact.md, before:

---
key: contact
formInputs:
  - name: form-name
    type: hidden
    isRequired: false
    label: ""
    value: Contact Form
    isValid: true
    errorMessage: ""
  - name: name
    type: text
    isRequired: true
    label: Name
    value: ""
    isValid: true
    errorMessage: Come on, this is just your name
  - name: email
    type: text
    isRequired: true
    label: Email
    value: ""
    isValid: true
    errorMessage: Really, is just your email
  - name: message
    type: textarea
    isRequired: true
    value: ""
    isValid: true
    label: Message
    errorMessage: Imagine my excitement in receiving your message. Now imagine how
      sad I was when I found out it was empty. You don't want to make me sad, do
      you?
  - name: g-recaptcha-response
    type: recaptcha
    isRequired: true
    label: ""
    value: ""
    isValid: true
    errorMessage: Mr. Robot, is that you?
jumbotron:
  image: /assets/images/bianca-fiore.jpg
  welcomeText: Say hello!
  welcomeDescription: Hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor
    hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor
    hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor
    hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor
form:
  formInputs:
    - isValid: true
      name: name
      type: text
      isRequired: true
      label: Name
      errorMessage: Come on, this is just your name
  sectionTitle: Contact me!
  sectionDescription: Explain everything yada yada
---
Wanna get in touch?

Commit message:

docs(content): Page "contact" updated (#378)
Automatically generated. Merged on Netlify CMS.

content/pages/contact.md, after:

---
key: contact
formInputs:
  - name: form-name
    type: hidden
    isRequired: false
    label: ""
    value: Contact Form
    isValid: true
    errorMessage: ""
  - name: name
    type: text
    isRequired: true
    label: Name
    value: ""
    isValid: true
    errorMessage: Come on, this is just your name
  - name: email
    type: text
    isRequired: true
    label: Email
    value: ""
    isValid: true
    errorMessage: Really, is just your email
  - name: message
    type: textarea
    isRequired: true
    value: ""
    isValid: true
    label: Message
    errorMessage: Imagine my excitement in receiving your message. Now imagine how
      sad I was when I found out it was empty. You don't want to make me sad, do
      you?
  - name: g-recaptcha-response
    type: recaptcha
    isRequired: true
    label: ""
    value: ""
    isValid: true
    errorMessage: Mr. Robot, is that you?
jumbotron:
  image: /assets/images/bianca-fiore.jpg
  welcomeText: Say hello!
  welcomeDescription: Hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor
    hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor
    hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor
    hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor hodor
form:
  formInputs:
    - isValid: true
      name: form-name
      type: hidden
      value: Contact Form
    - isValid: true
      name: name
      type: text
      isRequired: true
      label: Name
      errorMessage: Come on, this is just your name
    - isValid: true
      name: email
      type: text
      isRequired: true
      label: Email
      errorMessage: Really, is just your email
    - isValid: true
      name: message
      type: textarea
      isRequired: true
      label: Message
      errorMessage: Imagine my excitement in receiving your message. Now imagine how
        sad I was when I found out it was empty. You don't want to make me sad,
        do you?
    - isValid: true
      name: g-recaptcha-response
      type: recaptcha
      isRequired: true
      errorMessage: Mr. Robot, is that you?
  sectionTitle: Contact me!
  sectionDescription: Explain everything yada yada
---
Wanna get in touch?
